<!-- codepen link: https://codepen.io/Keyeric/pen/RwNNGdr?editors=1100 -->


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    tags used to markup html to describe code
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    keeps a standard across the internet
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    its an identifier, inside tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the main title of the page. Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    section, div
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <head>
    7. What is an id? 
    a very specific identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    anything
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a less specific id
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all of them
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as necessary
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    period
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a div can be used everywhere
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    type "element-name{" in the css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id: Johnny bought food / class: Marissa bought clothes, Carl bought a cow, Johnny bought food
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    octothorpe (#)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selector for hierarchy. when you have multiple branches in the code that need different instructions
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    margin and padding
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase/lowercase/And Then You Would Use Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    html{
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm. theres no confirmation or recovery
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    safety and transparency
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as you want / every 15 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push / git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    fork, add TL collab, git clone, git checkout -b firstname-lastname, workworkworkwork, git add, git commit -m 'commit message", git push -u origin firstname-lastname, pull request, profit.

    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline (example:span) doesnt make a new line, it creates the container RIGHT THERE / block (example:p tag) moves to the next line for its container and doesnt let the next code onto that line "this is mine and thats final!!"
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it cannot and will not be moved
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    padding? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    section, p, display / span, a / display flex
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?